README.md, before:

# vscode-chartjs

[![Apache-2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2-orange.svg?color=green)](http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy' target='_blank' title='support: https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy'>
  <img height='24' style='border:0px;height:20px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi3.png?v=2' alt='https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy' /></a>


[Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) Preview 📊 for [VSCcode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

![Chart.js Preview](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-preview.png?raw=true 
 "Chart.js Preview")

# Features

Chart.js Preivew 📊 via [`json5`](https://json5.org/) `.chart` config files.

See [`./samples`](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/tree/master/samples) for examples.

# Usage 

1. Use `Chart: Chart Samples` command from `View -> Command Pallette...` menu 
for a quick list of built-in chart config examples.

2. Run `Chart: Preview Chart` command on an open `.chart.json5` chart config document to Preview 📊

3. Save updated `*.chart.json5` document to Preview updated Chart 📊

# Chart.js Preview 📊 VSCode Contributions

![Chart.js Preview Contributions](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-contributions.png?raw=true 
 "Vega Viewer VSCode Contributions")

# Chart.js Preview 📊 Commands

![Chart.js Preview Commands](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-commands.png?raw=true 
 "Chart.js Preivew VSCode Commands")

# Dev Log

See [#ChartJS 📊 tag on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23chartjs%20%40code%20extension&src=typed_query) for the latest & greatest updates on this vscode extension & what's in store next.

# Dev Build

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs
$ cd vscode-chartjs
$ npm install
$ code .
```
`F5` to launch Chart.js Preview extension VSCode debug session:

# Contributions

Any & all test, code || feedback contributions are welcome. 

Open an issue || create a pull request to make this Chart.js Preview 📊 vscode extension work better for all. 🤗

Commit message:

#3 added a note re. chart samples with link to chart.js examples gallery for now

README.md, after:

# vscode-chartjs

[![Apache-2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2-orange.svg?color=green)](http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy' target='_blank' title='support: https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy'>
  <img height='24' style='border:0px;height:20px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi3.png?v=2' alt='https://ko-fi.com/dataPixy' /></a>


[Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) Preview 📊 for [VSCcode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

![Chart.js Preview](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-preview.png?raw=true 
 "Chart.js Preview")

# Features

Chart.js Preivew 📊 of [`json5`](https://json5.org/) `.chart` config files.

See [`./samples`](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/tree/master/samples) 
for chart config examples. 

**Note**: more [Chart.js Samples](https://www.chartjs.org/samples/latest/) will be added soon!

# Usage 

1. Use `Chart: Chart Samples` command from `View -> Command Pallette...` menu 
for a quick list of built-in chart config examples.

2. Run `Chart: Preview Chart` command on an open `.chart.json5` chart config document to Preview 📊

3. Save updated `*.chart.json5` document to Preview updated Chart 📊

# Chart.js Preview 📊 VSCode Contributions

![Chart.js Preview Contributions](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-contributions.png?raw=true 
 "Vega Viewer VSCode Contributions")

# Chart.js Preview 📊 Commands

![Chart.js Preview Commands](https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs/blob/master/images/vscode-chartjs-commands.png?raw=true 
 "Chart.js Preivew VSCode Commands")

# Dev Log

See [#ChartJS 📊 tag on Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23chartjs%20%40code%20extension&src=typed_query) for the latest & greatest updates on this vscode extension & what's in store next.

# Dev Build

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/RandomFractals/vscode-chartjs
$ cd vscode-chartjs
$ npm install
$ code .
```
`F5` to launch Chart.js Preview extension VSCode debug session:

# Contributions

Any & all test, code || feedback contributions are welcome. 

Open an issue || create a pull request to make this Chart.js Preview 📊 vscode extension work better for all. 🤗
